add storage access configuration (#22232)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/premium/backup-and-restore-premium.md

## Limitations

Currently, manual backups are not supported for {{{ .premium }}} instances.

## References

This section describes how to configure Amazon S3 access using an AWS access key and Alibaba Cloud OSS access.

### Configure Amazon S3 access using an AWS access key

> It is recommended that you use an IAM user (instead of the AWS account root user) to create an access key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you use an IAM user, rather than the AWS account root user, to create an access key.
```

Take the following steps to configure an access key:

1. Create an IAM user and access key.

    1. Create an IAM user. For more information, see [Create an IAM user in your AWS account](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_create.html#id_users_create_console).

>     2. Use your AWS account ID or account alias, and your IAM user name and password to sign in to [the IAM console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Sign in to the [IAM console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam) using your AWS account ID or account alias, and your IAM user name and password.
```

2. Grant permissions to the IAM user.

    Create a policy and attach it to the IAM user. Ensure that the policy includes the required permissions based on your task. To restore data to a {{{ .premium }}} instance, grant `s3:GetObject`, `s3:GetBucketLocation`, and `s3:ListBucket` permissions.

    The following is an example policy that allows TiDB Cloud to restore data from a specific folder in your Amazon S3 bucket.

    ```json
    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Sid": "AllowGetBucketLocation",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "s3:GetBucketLocation",
                "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::<Your S3 bucket name>"
            },
            {
                "Sid": "AllowListPrefix",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "s3:ListBucket",
                "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::<Your S3 bucket name>",
                "Condition": {
                    "StringLike": {
                        "s3:prefix": "<Your backup folder>/*"
                    }
                }

>                 }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            },
```

            {
                "Sid": "AllowReadObjectsInPrefix",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "s3:GetObject",
                "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::<Your S3 bucket name>/<Your backup folder>/*"
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

>     In the preceding policy, replace `<Your S3 bucket name>` and `<Your backup folder>` with your actual bucket name and backup directory. This configuration follows the principle of least privilege by restricting access to only the necessary backup files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the preceding policy, replace `<Your S3 bucket name>` and `<Your backup folder>` with your actual bucket name and backup directory. This configuration follows the principle of least privilege by limiting access to only the necessary backup files.
```

> **Note:**
>
> TiDB Cloud does not store your access keys. It is recommended that you [delete the access key](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html#Using_CreateAccessKey) after the import or export is complete.

### Configure Alibaba Cloud OSS access

To allow TiDB Cloud to access your Alibaba Cloud OSS bucket, you need to create an AccessKey pair for the bucket.

Take the following steps to configure an AccessKey pair:

1. Create a RAM user and get the AccessKey pair. For more information, see [Create a RAM user](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/ram/user-guide/create-a-ram-user).

    In the **Access Mode** section, select **Using permanent AccessKey to access**.

2. Create a custom policy with the required permissions. For more information, see [Create custom policies](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/ram/user-guide/create-a-custom-policy).

    - In the **Effect** section, select **Allow**.
    - In the **Service** section, select **Object Storage Service**.

>     - In the **Action** section, select the permissions as needed. To restore a backup to a TiDB Cloud instance, grant `oss:ListObjects` and `oss:GetObject` permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In the **Action** section, select the required permissions. To restore a backup to a TiDB Cloud instance, grant the `oss:ListObjects` and `oss:GetObject` permissions.
```

        The following is a JSON example for a Restore task. This example restricts access to a specific bucket and backup folder.

        ```json
        {
        "Version": "1",
        "Statement": [
            {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "oss:ListObjects",
            "Resource": "acs:oss:*:*:<Your bucket name>",
            "Condition": {
                "StringLike": {
                "oss:Prefix": "<Your backup folder>/*"
                }
            }
            },
            {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "oss:GetObject",
            "Resource": "acs:oss:*:*:<Your bucket name>/<Your backup folder>/*"
            }
        ]
        }
        ```

        > **Tip:**
        >
        > For restore operations, you can enhance security by restricting access to only the specific folder (prefix) where your backup files are stored, rather than granting access to the entire bucket.

    - In the **Resource** section, select the bucket and the objects in the bucket.

> 3. Attach the custom policies to the RAM user. For more information, see [Grant permissions to a RAM user](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/ram/user-guide/grant-permissions-to-the-ram-user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Attach the custom policies to the RAM user.

    For more information, see [Grant permissions to a RAM user](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/ram/user-guide/grant-permissions-to-the-ram-user).
```

>
> TiDB Cloud does not store your access keys. To maintain security, [delete the access key](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html#Using_CreateAccessKey) after the import or export task is complete.

### Configure Alibaba Cloud OSS access

To grant TiDB Cloud access to your Alibaba Cloud OSS bucket, you need to create an AccessKey pair for the bucket.

Take the following steps to configure an AccessKey pair:

1. Create a RAM user and obtain the AccessKey pair. For more information, see [Create a RAM user](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/ram/user-guide/create-a-ram-user).

    In the **Access Mode** section, select **Using permanent AccessKey to access**.

2. Create a custom policy with the required permissions. For more information, see [Create custom policies](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/ram/user-guide/create-a-custom-policy).

    - In the **Effect** section, select **Allow**.
    - In the **Service** section, select **Object Storage Service**.
    - In the **Action** section, select the required permissions. To restore a backup to a TiDB Cloud instance, grant the `oss:ListObjects` and `oss:GetObject` permissions.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
